# CS-305-Module8

Artemis Financial was wanting to increase security practices for their institution and users. Initially we indentified vulerabilities via maven-dependency-checks and finding the CVE's within their code. Finding these are a neccesity in order to make Artemis more such from adverse cyber actors that could cause great harm to not only the company but the users of Artemis financial as they hold tons of PII (personal identifiable information) of its users. Having proper security not only saves them but also follows federal guidlines for financial instiutions. If anything were to happen to Artemis they could not only face legal trouble but lose all clientele, be overwhelmed with lawsuits, and more. I found doing maven-dependency-checks to be really awesome. I geniunely enjoyed doing them and had never heard of them before this class. At first I found them challenging in some aspects but after doing it more and more I found it relatively easy and a neccesity for companies to utilize to follow those best security practices in order to protect themselves and their clientele. The strategies I learned to access vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques would be to list things from the most important to the least important in terms of security vulnerabilities. Doing so, we could priotitze what is most important first and work our way down so we aren't leaving Artemis is a terrible state of security. One tool I will utilize in future assignments is the maven-dependency-checks, I'm still shocked I have never heard of that beforehand. I would use that in particular with employers and I actually have already, it is something they use on a daily basis.
